Add overview of the app to the README (#677)
Shopify/shopify-app-template-node: README.md

## Installation

Using the [Shopify CLI](https://github.com/Shopify/shopify-cli) run:

```sh
shopify app create node -n APP_NAME
```

> Or, you can clone this repo and create a `.env` file containing the following values:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Or, you can run `npx degit shopify/shopify-app-node` and create a `.env` file containing the following values:
```

This will give a git history free version of the repo :)

Reviewer 2: Neat, TIL. Although it's a little surprising that it creates at at your current path and not in a new `shopify-app-node` directory that `git clone` would.

```
SHOPIFY_API_KEY={api key}           # Your API key
SHOPIFY_API_SECRET={api secret key} # Your API secret key
SCOPES={scopes}                     # Your app's required scopes, comma-separated
HOST={your app's host}              # Your app's host, without the protocol prefix
```

## What do I need to know about this app?

> This is a sample app to help developers bootstrap their Shopify app development. It leverages the [Shopify API Library](https://github.com/Shopify/shopify-node-api) package to create [an embedded app](https://shopify.dev/apps/tools/app-bridge/getting-started#embed-your-app-in-the-shopify-admin).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a sample app to help developers bootstrap their Shopify app development.
It leverages the [Shopify API Library](https://github.com/Shopify/shopify-node-api) package to create [an embedded app](https://shopify.dev/apps/tools/app-bridge/getting-started#embed-your-app-in-the-shopify-admin).
```

This makes future reviews easier while maintaining the same spacing.

## Installation

Using the [Shopify CLI](https://github.com/Shopify/shopify-cli) run:

```sh
shopify app create node -n APP_NAME
```

> Or, fork and clone repo

Author: That's true, can just state `clone the repo and create a .env file with the following values: XYZ`

> Using the [Shopify-App-CLI](https://github.com/Shopify/shopify-app-cli) run:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Using the [Shopify CLI](https://github.com/Shopify/shopify-cli) run:
```

```sh

> shopify node create -n APP_NAME

Reviewer 3: Per version `2.7.2` of the CLI, I think this is now
```suggestion
shopify app create node -n APP_NAME
```

```

Or, fork and clone repo

## What do I need to know about this app?

This is a sample app to help developers bootstrap their Shopify app development. It leverages the [Shopify API Library](https://github.com/Shopify/shopify-node-api) package to create [an embedded app](https://shopify.dev/apps/tools/app-bridge/getting-started#embed-your-app-in-the-shopify-admin).

> Here are some of the key points to know about it:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Here are some of the key features of this sample app:
```

1. The backend is a [Koa server](/server/server.js) that sets up the main functions you'll need to create an app

   - OAuth to create [access tokens](https://shopify.dev/apps/auth/oauth) for the app

>    - Webhook subscription / processing

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   - Webhook subscription / processing, if needed
```

>    - A GraphQL proxy endpoint that forwards queries to the Shopify Admin API

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   - A GraphQL proxy endpoint that forwards queries from the frontend to the Shopify Admin API
```

1. The frontend is a client-side rendered React app

   - It uses Shopify App Bridge to create [session tokens](https://shopify.dev/apps/auth/session-tokens/how-session-tokens-work)

>    - It is set up to make requests to the GraphQL API via an [Apollo client](/client/components/App.js) that hits the server proxy

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   - It is set up to make requests to the GraphQL API via an [Apollo client](/client/components/App.js) that hits the server proxy mentioned above
```
